one of the biggest issues we see
especially in B2B web design cross tech
companies and I think SAS companies are
especially guilty of it is that their
sites are ego
[Music]
driven the secrets to crafting a B2B
website that attracts builds trust with
and converts a steady stream of
qualified sales leads in this episode
you're going to learn some of the key
mistakes so many companies make with
their B2B website the importance of
customer research when it comes to your
website and resonating with dream
clients as well as some of the main
pages and elements that make a killer
website for B2B service or technology
companies oh and if you haven't yet why
not join thousands of B2B Legends
enjoying my weekday newsletter for
unusual SEO and B2B marketing tips
podcast updates and more head over to
breaking bb.com and hit that newsletter
tab now let's dive into the episode yeah
there's a lot of web design companies
out there you have chosen to focus on
B2B tech companies I think particularly
maybe with a with a a focus on SAS
companies so I'm curious you know why
have you chosen that as your as your
main event oh it wasn't always I mean
I've been messing around with websites
and SEO for probably the best part of 12
13 years now and I've quite literally
gone from serving almost anyone and
anyone that might need a website or to
get found online to slowly niching down
to like you say B2B technology so quite
often SAS companies and then the odd
Service Company in between here and
there if they're a good match usually
because we
found those folks tend to have a
marketing set up within their business
so they've got marketers not always if
they're if they're super early or super
bootstrap but often they'll have a
marketing team so they'll appreciate the
value of organic search um rather than
us having to sell to them the value and
how it helps how it works the problems
it fixs the way it can capture inbound
leads and all that good stuff they
already appreciate the value so it just
made a bit more sense for us and
likewise because I am this this sounds
super meta but because I am a B2B tech
company essentially selling to other B2B
tech companies and I'm a Founder that
sells myself I know the value of inbound
leads they're literally the lifeblood of
technology companies so it felt like
almost over the years after doing doing
it almost as an uphill battle trying to
sell to anyone and everyone eventually
found my Niche and the the customers
that seem to be a good match for our
offer uh but I wish I wish I found it
many years ago yeah it's interesting
right because as marketers we sometimes
forget to apply the the principles of
marketing to oursel right so we would
tell our clients hey you've got to
narrow down you got to find the Persona
you've got to focus in on this and yeah
you know we we can very easily be guilty
of oh yeah I can I can help anybody so
for sure so you know I so I was very
intrigued by by your tagline there I you
know I've been involved in a bunch of
website projects over the years um
either you know internal or working with
with agencies if you're really lucky I
think it's run by a marketing team who
sort of really gets it and understands
targeting the reality is if you're in a
big organization
it's probably something run by committee
if you're in a small company a startup
it's it's personality driven right it
typically is the founder or the CEO or
what have you so um so I am curious you
know what what what drove you down to
this and and just tell me a little bit
more about that philosophy oh the
tagline yeah yeah I mean yeah like you
say you land on the breaking bb.com home
page and you'll see b2bs own websites
for Revenue not vanity and it was mainly
because because I've worked at a couple
web and marketing agencies over the
years and also I've of course taken on
client projects where they might have
had bad experience with companies and
frustrations and having guest marketing
leaders on the podcast is essentially I
I got annoyed because so many clients
would bring to me like monthly reports
or results and they they look awesome
it's like when someone does a post on
LinkedIn for example Steve and they they
post this crazy upward graph Trend and
it's like we took this this website from
a 100 visitors to 100,000 in three
months and then I'll comment on it
saying great work so how many qualified
leads of that drive and then there's
just like a tumbleweed zero response and
it turns out it's this like super high
traffic volume blog that they churned
out with AI just to go after a really
high volume traffic keyword but on the
back end of it it's just a super top of
funnel informational based query that
doesn't actually result in High intent
buyers it's just someone looking for
information um so I kind of got sick of
agencies basically taking clients for a
ride and saying well we're getting you
all this traffic we've got you all these
rankings and it's like that looks good
on paper but where's the where's the
leads like where's the demo requests
where's the sales calls on the back of
it because ultimately most folks yes we
use organic search to build our brand we
use it to ramp up website traffic we use
it to build mind share of course
especially important B2B because it's
rare that especially in high ticket
products and services that someone sees
your website for the first time and then
will inquire about 100 Grand ACV offer
they need to see it many times and speak
to their team yes all those things pay
apart but ultimately we want inbound
leads so a lot of those kind of fluffy
metrics that you'll see flying about on
LinkedIn posts and these crazy graphs is
that that kind of annoyed me to the
point that I thought I'd like to do the
opposite of that and try and put
together a headline that resonates with
folks that are maybe feeling frustrated
as well yeah I think it works and you
know I've so I've had a few of these
discussions back and forth on LinkedIn
comments about vanity metrics right
because I I rail against vanity metrics
and then people say oh but you know this
metric is useful that metric is useful
and and my point behind that is any
metric can be useful as long as you know
why you're measuring it and and what
activity it's driving right so it may be
for whatever reason maybe you do want
all of that top level stuff maybe it's
to get you know more VC funding or
whatever be but you got to understand
why you're doing it right it's not just
so that you can have that pretty slide
to show in the board meeting that you
know shows everything yeah that's up and
to the right that's it makes sense um so
so when you do get into it you know some
somebody's read the tagline gone to your
website said yeah I want to work with
Sam um you know what are what are maybe
the the top two or three things you
would tell a CEO or a company owner they
should really be worried about in terms
of website design and SEO what what are
sort of the top couple of things you
really start out with
yeah yeah yeah um so there's there's a
number of things I mean we can we can
drill into common mistakes and then
maybe how to how to set those right and
I think you alluded to it at the start
of the episode Steve one of the biggest
issues we see especially in B2B web
design across tech companies and I think
SAS companies are especially guilty of
it is that their sites are ego driven so
what I mean by that is that basically
they're designing the site in terms of
the messaging in terms of the content in
terms of the copy the headlines taglines
and more based upon what the company
thinks looks good sounds cool works
well and it might even not even be the
company it might not even be the exact
team the marketing leaders the revenue
leaders it might even be like you said
the the VC fund or whoever's backing
them on what they think looks cool but
it's not resonating with Target
prospects ideal sents the aka the folks
that are going to buy your stuff or
inquire to buy your stuff
and it's probably the opposite
approach and what you've got to remember
is the chances are if you're a software
or you're a Service Company you've got a
warehouse full of your stuff or you've
got an unlimited supply of software you
don't need to sell to yourself you need
to s to the sell to the folks that
potentially goingon to book a demo or
book a sales C so that's the common
mistake and I think it's just because
they copy compe so much so they'll look
at their competitors in the market space
and they'll see these crazy homepage
taglines like an Allin One 360 degree
Revenue platform to to S supercharge
your Revenue with our Tech AI Wizardry
and then it quite literally confuses
prospects so prospects will land on your
homepage for the first time ever maybe
they've come from an ad maybe they've
come from a Google search or elsewhere
and they'll they'll see your homepage
here era they'll read that headline line
they'll be like what the heck do these
guys do and they'll scroll down a bit
further on the page and I'll think I see
some features and I see some offers but
I'm still not quite sure and they'll
scroll right to the botom to the bottom
they'll still be none the wiser just
because this company's kind of try to
sell cool or maybe they're talking about
their Awards or they're talking about
funding gained or they're talking about
recent G2 or accreditations one rather
than actually trying to resonate with
their target buyers and talk about well
clearly clearly share the offer
itself the problem that it fixes or the
results that it brings to the table so
how it helps Target clients get a job
done fix a expensive issue or improve
their life business or whatever they're
trying to ramp up so that's like one of
the the biggest mistakes and there's a
lot of ways to fix that but that's
probably the most glaring one in SASS
and B2B
Tech yeah it's funny as you were going
through the list of your know 360 degree
all-encompassing I was waiting for
award-winning or world class to be in
there because that world class is the
one that winds me up because that is you
know one of the most meaningless phrases
um I guess awardwinning is as well
because you you can buy your way into
those um all right so so it sounds like
you sort of have maybe three
classes of uh you know of tagline or
headline in there um you know problem
you solve etc etc um how do you go
through the discovery phase to work out
you know what that tagline line should
be and and which of those three areas
you you really want to you know take it
into yeah so I like I like that question
so there is there's a number of ways
that you can do it with a headline I've
got a bit of a framework that I advise
clients on and it really depends how far
along the line you are with your
business like whether you've got a solid
product Market fit whether you've been
able to do decent customer research I
you've got I don't know up to 10 or so
clients that we can interview that that
they don't have to have been with you
for that long but it's really so we can
understand like what their motivation
was for using you the problems they came
to you to fix why they chose you post
your competitor um the the results that
you've brought to the table now and a
few other interesting and useful kind of
points like that of qualitative customer
research but you might not have that
depending on how early stage your
company is if you're later stage you
probably have if your Earl stage you
probably don't so there's a few
Frameworks I like to use for the
homepage headline and a lot of this is
built upon something called the grunt
test which you may or may not have heard
of from a chat called Donald Miller in a
book called building a story Brown
building a story brand and it basically
is on the basis that could a caveman
sitting in his cave could you he's never
seen a website before he's never been on
the internet could you stick a laptop in
front of him for the first time ever
fire it up onto your homepage and
without ever having any knowledge of
your company or your business before he
sees your homepage sees your headlining
could quickly grunt exactly what you do
how it helps them and how to learn more
get in touch and uh the thing is if you
couldn't do that within a few seconds
and your website's probably missing the
mark AKA if you're spending money on ads
SEO or whatever type of marketing or ads
you're doing to drive traffic to your
site is basically going down the drain
because they're going to bounce off to a
competitor that gives them a clearer and
more enjoyable experience so one
framework I use is if you're stage I
usually just recommend something called
a pure Clarity headline I.E we do X that
improves y um to an our world that might
be we craft websites that generate demos
or sales lead super simple but it's
clear and I'd rather have something
that's crystal clear I we do I don't
know B2B websites that generate
qualified sales leads or if you're in
Tech maybe let's say you're in the
calendar scheduling world I often use we
help prospects schedule time with your
with your sales team on the calendars
without the endless email back and forth
something like that maybe a bit bit bit
more short and snappier but gives you
the general idea and that is better than
saying we're at 360 Allin one Revenue
driving AI supercharge award-winning
platform it's like it's just talking
about how great you are I have no idea
what you do um the second one that I
often use is fixing a problem or talking
about a pain point like um if I take it
to our world most SEO is focused on
traffic and rankings um we ditch that to
focus on kind of organic SS that drive
leads so there's probably there's
probably a fluffy or vanity metric that
a lot of prospects in your world are
frustrated with that bring to the table
lot of your customers bring up so you
basically say most most sector companies
focus on this we do the opposite then
share your your point of
differentation or the other one is a
kind of similar thing which which
basically I used in in my headline where
you pick an enemy so mine of websites
and and SEO for for Revenue not vanity
and you basically stand against the
enemy in your sector and again most of
that is taken from listening to sales
calls listening to prospects maybe
you're in communities and you kind of
hear the what your prospects moan
about and you basically talk about how
you stand for the opposite so that's a
few Frameworks that you can use
depending on kind of how much research
you've got behind you or whether you
just want do something crystal clear and
then obviously straight straight
underneath typically in that homepage
hero you have a cool to action to grab a
demo or learn more maybe a snapshot of
your product and then maybe kind of
Brands worked with like 150 B2B tech
companies helped this year or whatever
right hey I so I really like those
Frameworks I mean really you're bringing
it back to some kind of a messaging
strategy um how do you handle that with
prospective clients and I'll admit I I
did this a few years ago when I was I
was on the other side of the counter and
I was bringing agencies in to redo a
website and one of them came in and sort
of pitched the well you first thing we
got to do is a discovery session and
we're going to work on your messaging
all that and I'm saying we've we've
already done that we already know I'm
messaging um who knows if they were
right at the time or not probably were
um so how do you push back against that
resistance where somebody say no no no
we don't need you to do the messaging
for us we just need you to fix the
website do you you come across that all
the time all the time and sometimes
you'll break through other times you
won't probably like as as you've
experienced in the past I'm sure so it
really depends like I suppose it it
depends on the stage of the business on
how relevant this is because if it is an
early stage company and perhaps they're
bootstrapped and they they haven't got
that many customers then it might not be
as relevant because the website's
probably not getting a ton of traffic
it's probably more founder sales so the
founders maybe utilizing his existing
Network referrals maybe doing a bit of
cold outbound maybe doing a little bit
of ads so the website's probably not
getting all that much traffic and as
long as people can flick onto that site
and get a clear idea of what he does
what she does how it helps them probably
check check pricing check proof of
results case studies maybe see the offer
an action if it's SAS and then easily
book a CO as long as it checks those
five or six boxes it doesn't matter
matter whereas when you're getting into
when you're ramping up business and then
you're going more aggressive on other
channels be it SEO be it paid media be
it investing in paid review sites be it
maybe some of your teams active on
social channels like LinkedIn maybe
you're launching a podcast and you're
going on other people's podcast doing
webinars and you're getting more and
more traffic your company's getting more
um visitors to the site and you've
probably got kind of various other
competitors that are getting brought up
in sales
conversations that the point where the
messaging is going to be more important
because then you've got to actually show
that this is how we're different in the
marketplace and that's where like you
said Steve customer research is
important because then you can pick up
things like why you're recently
onboarded customers decided to choose
you opposed to your top three
competitors um if you are doing regular
customer research which is super useful
for your website you can get you can
Garner insights like what made them
choose you what was the expensive
problem that they fixed or that they
wanted to solve rather that by choosing
you what were they maybe trying to do in
house like so many times Google Sheets
is the most common um thing that folks
do in house opposed to I don't know
investing in your CRM or your software
solution or something like that like
what is the
common tool that folks use in house
before getting so frustrated with that
way of doing things that they then look
for a new Better Way um and how can you
leverage those insights into your
message like are you tired of using
Google Sheets like this is design you
better a way that's three times quicker
and it's going to save you five hours
per day on your admin so when you start
getting into
differentation how you how you basically
got a oneup on your competitors or what
actually are the reasons your customers
choose you is is going to be super
useful in that messaging standpoint not
just for your website but across your
ads across your message on social across
your sales conversations and all that
good stuff so not as important when
you're fresh but certainly more the more
you grow yeah yeah and I think it's
interesting you know you shared some of
the questions you asked because I think
some people would get into it not if
they web agency but if it's a if it's an
internal marketing person or you know
somebody trying to do it themselves well
I don't even know how I I don't I don't
even know what questions I would ask to
get there right so that framework you
were talking about is that a little bit
like the sort of jobs to be done thing
right like what it is ex what problem
are you trying to solve here what why
did you bring us in you know was that
issue um and that's a whole another uh
discussion that that we could get into
but I like that approach of it's not
just hey what did you like about our
website right it's really driving into
you know what is the hole you're trying
to fill by by buying our our service or
our product um so so you've listed
through some of the the big things you
want to see on the homepage right uh
obviously attention grabbing headline um
easy way to to book an appointment
testimonials etc etc so let's say you've
you've fixed the the homepage or or
created a new homepage right that's job
one is done um and then you sort of move
deeper into the website one thing that I
think often generates a lot of
discussion is a pricing page um I I
always rail against companies that do
not have a pricing page or do not have
serious pricing on their page um I'm
curious what your approach is towards
pricing Pages yeah I'm exactly the same
um I usually it's not so much with kind
of what I call lower ticket SAS
companies because they'll usually share
their pricing because their pricing
might be anywhere from 10 bucks a month
to 50 bucks a month with some custom
Enterprise plans if you've got tons and
tons of users or seats It's usually the
larger Enterprise companies because we
have 100K ACV we can't share pricing on
our website or the the more custom B2B
service suppliers oh everything we do is
bespoke and tailored to order so how
dare we share pricing it'll scare off
the quote unquote leads um that's
usually where I see pushback but I'm in
the same camp as you I think I've been
there actually because at one of my
previous companies I was at for for some
time I would just get frustrated myself
on the sales side because I was dealing
with a lot of the sales calls we just
get all these leads and I'd end up
having Discovery calls with them for 30
45 minutes sometimes even an hour
understanding like what issues they're
facing why they want to fix it where
they want to get to their goals and then
we get to towards 3/4s of the conver and
they just have nowhere near the budget
to work with us and i' say this is
frustrating like we need to stop this
we're wasting their time they're
probably get annoyed I'm certainly
getting annoyed it's wasting our team's
time it's wasting our ad spend whatever
let's just share the pricing on on the
website so it's it's super easy if
you're a SAS solution because you
probably have three tiers maybe like
right basic medium Advanced and then an
Enterprise option but when you get to
more customized Solutions I think that's
when folks get a bit worried and a bit
scared so I that's where I normally
encourage people to use a bracketing
pricing approach like I don't know tier
a is from 3 to 5K tier B is 10 to 20K
tier C is 30k plus right um and it
typically covers these these bullet
points within the offer but get in touch
with us for a for a tailored kind of
Discovery call or demo whatever your
next step is but the good thing about a
pricing page is not only does it qualify
in decent fit prospects and qualify out
poor fit ones but it gives you a chance
to address a lot of the kind of common
questions and problems that you get on
sales calls so I'd always encourage you
to have kind of pricing options at the
top or brackets and then maybe weave in
some social proof so maybe have like a
video review of one of one or two of
your clients where they talk about that
problem why that initial problem they
faced the impact of that problem why
they ch you compared to two or three
competitors and what what life's like
now and the results you've brought to
the table and then you can have a nice
FAQ like a carousel section but not a
generic FAQ like most companies but
where you actually address the questions
you get on sales calls headon like why
you so expensive isn't competitive be
better than you how long does account
man um do I get a dedicated account
manager how long setup time what's your
refund policy I literally did this on a
lot of our service pages on the breaking
B2B site like why more expensive than
competitive is isn't it quicker to
invest in ads compared to SEO and just
all those questions I get all the time
just dress them head on and it just
speeds up sales cycles and it drives
more qualified prospects so when folks
book a call with sales that they already
know kind of they're already more than
halfway there yeah yeah and you know I
think it's interesting because it's
another one of those that differentiates
between lead generation and revenue
generation right because I think you
know one of one of the objections is
well I want people to contact me to find
out the price because then I'll get the
lead right so I'm getting more leads
that way but the reality is to your
point at the beginning if if they're
completely out of your price range that
is not a qualified lead anyway so you've
just wasted their time and you've wasted
your time particularly if you have that
45 minute Discovery call before you even
get to that and then I think even worse
you'll have some clients or or prospects
that are too nice to say or embarrassed
to say oh that's too expensive for me so
it actually drags it out you know
further into the the pipeline
um so the other thing I'm curious about
on the pricing so you were mentioning
about testimonials and fqs are you
saying you would include that on the
pricing page or is that a separate part
of the website all within the pricing
page itself gotcha gotcha pricing page
is probably if you've got one one of the
most visited site pages on your site
probably like home pricing if you've got
a demo page results then maybe the book
a cool page probably like the top I
visited so people literally are going to
go home pricing maybe look at live demo
if you've got one or check out some case
studies and results and then they're
probably going to book a call so if you
can if you can handle all those
objections up front within that pricing
page itself just think of all that time
that you can save and basically because
sales are going to get asked that
question like right away like all those
things like how long does it take to set
up do I get an account manager what's
the refund policy and all that stuff you
can just address that headon it just
save so much time campaign and it shows
trust and
transparency yeah yeah makes sense um so
you said pricing is one of the most
visited pages I agree that's one of the
first pages I always click on myself
does it help with SEO as well or do you
find that that that pricing is one of
the pages that tends to drive SEO
traffic to it can a little bit yeah yeah
it can a bit I mean I encourage
depending on what type of business you
are whether you're software or services
so like for example SAS companies will
have typically homepage then feature
Pages maybe industry pages on the
industries the sectors the markets they
serve they'll probably have a pricing
page they have a bunch of resources
different types of blog articles media
podcast and such demo pages so not just
within pricing pages but FAQs on each
specific page that are relevant to that
topic and the questions that get brought
up on CS customer success calls or sales
calls or even early stage calls are
really useful um because again they they
build trusts they handle handle
objections head on and they also help
with SEO value because it's actually
searchable content that's genuinely
useful y yeah makes sense and I know
Google tends to like FAQs um you know
right it's it's great content for them
to serve up so you mentioned another one
of my favorite topics there we didn't
rehearse this I swear we didn't um demos
so I love a good demo it it drives me
nuts when particularly software
companies don't have a demo because it's
the easiest thing in the world to have a
demo video for
um but the other frustration I have is
they have a demo but they put it behind
they gate it right they put it behind
some kind of form um and you know the
the number one reason for it typically
is well we don't want that competitors
to see it well guess what your
competitor is going to see it you know
unless you have it behind Fort KNX um
yeah so any any thoughts on the best way
to have a demo how to present it you
know any any thoughts on demos I guess
yeah yeah yeah so and basically the most
of the insights I share from from like
you say on on our podcast breaking B2B
we've interviewed nearly 400 B2B
marketing leaders exec CMOS VPS of
marketing Etc fast growth tech companies
and from that data they've basically
said to me if I land on a B2B site be it
service or teag I want to quickly get an
idea of what you do how it helps
problems you fix I want to see pricing I
want to see the offer and action I want
to get some of my questions results uh
questions answered sorry see some of
your case studies or client results and
if you check all those boxes then I want
to be able to easily schedule time with
an expert that can address my questions
and see if we're fit to help so with
that said yeah if you can share I mean
at the very least you want to share
screenshots of your offer an action the
product one up is is a gif get various
gifts throughout the site and then one
up from that is like a product video so
various tours of the certain elements
and features within your product people
want to see in different use cases
that weave into relevant Pages then one
up from that is the the demo tool the
live interactive demo itself which I
think probably makes sense now
considering there's a lot of tools like
navitech and walnut and there's a few
others that enable you to do that so
it's a tricky one I think whether you
should get it behind an email or not I
think I'd probably be inclined to give
people a taster so I'd probably say look
let's let's give them maybe the most
demanded two or three features Within
the demo so they can maybe in your
header of your website you've got try it
now and then book a demo so they can hit
try it now that takes them to that
interactive demo itself they can guide
through the top two or three features
that are most asked for within the
product and then once you get to that
stage you say this so we can show you
for now like book a cool with a sales
engineer or specialist and you can see
the whole thing in action for 20 minutes
or however long the session is that
would probably be my take but curious to
know yours
uh yeah
I obviously not a fan of gating these
things because you want people to to see
your products um typically um you and I
should have worked together long ago
because typically that's the approach
I've taken is you give like a a
two-minute video demo for free and then
hey if you want to see more you know
fill out the form and then you get get
the full video um and then drive people
you know to sign up for a one-on-one
demo right depending on on your product
um and it still drives me nuts the
number of people that really don't want
you to see what their product is um you
know uh whether whether it's because
they're really not proud of the product
or they're just just very nervous of it
so uh I I think you're exactly right and
I and I think it does highlight that
fact of you know the people that are
deciding what goes on the website are
not necessarily the people that have
ever bought these products right so
often times you'll get push back from
sales well if if if there's a demo on
the website then nobody's going to want
to talk to me and I need to talk to them
to show how it is
but has that salesperson ever tried to
buy a SAS product and seen how
frustrating it is not not to get it so I
think it's the whole uh you know walk a
mile in in someone else's
shoes exactly it's that famous say isn't
it people buy for their reasons not ours
yeah so exactly why they're gonna if if
you if you hide it from them same with
pricing same with your product same with
client reviews if you hide it they're
going to find a way in SAS they're going
to go to review sites like G2 captain or
whatever or they're just going to
YouTube it or search it they'll find it
if they want to find the information
they will or they get so frustrated and
think this company is like so against
showing me anything I'm just going to go
to a competitor right and you're giving
your competitors free leads yeah yeah
you're you know it's it's it's that
whole path of leash resistance right
it's like I'm not going to spend too
much time trying to trying to understand
your your product now I could keep
talking about this for hours but you
know the reality is you you've covered a
lot of this ground there's there's a
really good episode of your podcast uh
quite recently where you went into best
practices for for a B2B website I'm
going to link to that in the show notes
I would recommend anybody go and listen
to that and and really dig more into the
details I have a couple of more
questions for you though slightly
slightly less uh focused on the websites
so I've seen that for your personal
branding you have started using some
sort of Tik Tok style memes right you
did this hey I ask the public what is uh
what gets you number one ranking on
Google right uh so so I'm curious like
how is that working for you oh I do a
lot of stupid stuff man and I waste a
lot of time on LinkedIn but I think for
me it's because again a bit like my
breaking B2B website headline I was a
bit frustrated with other seos so I'm
I'm probably opposite to most seos in
the fact that I'm not that technical I
come from a sales background and so most
of my Approach with SEO is rather than
going super technical web dev wise I'd
rather go high level strategic content
I'm a lot more scrappier so I like to do
stuff that gets impact quite fast
because of that sales background so so
that with that in mind a lot of the
stuff you'll see on from seos on on
LinkedIn is very technical whereas I
think how can I Stand Out do something
that's a bit different and so one of
those concept recently was I'd just go
up to folks in the street with my road
microphone and my friend filming me and
just asked them questions like do do you
know what SEO is how do you get to the
top of
Google um is Google a Force for good or
bad what do you think about AI content
and some of the response is like super
funny I also did stuff where I talked
about outbound sales so I thought I uh I
went up to folks and said what do you
think about cold calling or does cold
calling still work and bumped into a
policeman this police officer just
started having a g me he was like cold
callings illegal and I just went on a
super rant and it was just yeah it's
just funny man to get to get people's
reactions because you even get people
that are super against it or people that
are actually like really receptive and
every now and then you bump into someone
that actually is an SEO thems or has a
friend that does digital marketing and
so it just produces quite funny
responses yeah no it's good stuff I
think it's uh you know we always talk
about the the split between B2B and b2c
marketing I I think it's great when B2B
sometimes takes takes a page out of b2c
or or social media and does something
fun I I think the bigger you get the
tougher it is to do so uh I give you
credit for that I I would encourage
anybody to follow Sam on LinkedIn as
well to see some of these these videos
and there you have it I hope you found
these B2B website tips strategies and
ideas of use and if you want to join
thousands of B2B Legends enjoying myday
newsletter for unusual B2B marketing and
SEO tips as well as podcast updates and
more head over to breaking bb.com and
hit that newsletter Tab and with that I
shall catch you on the next one cheers
[Music]